README.md, before:

# Tes3MpPluginHelper
Tes3MpPluginHelper is a Windows based .NET Framework graphical interface for building a requiredDataFiles.json for a Tes3Mp server based on the currently selected plugins in OpenMW. I made this because I found it too cumbersome to update the plugin list with checksums manually when I added/changed what plugins to use.

The repository contains two projects. Tes3MpPluginHelperGui is the graphical interface. Tes3MpPluginHelper is a .NET Standard library for building a requiredDataFiles.json from the selected plugins found in a OpenMW config file. It could be used to build an application that can run under Linux and OSX (both not tested).

# Download and install
Check under [Releases](https://github.com/awsker/Tes3MpPluginHelper/releases). Just unzip the files anywhere.

# Usage
Locate the OpenMW config (openmw.cfg) in the first box. Then specify where you want the resulting json to be saved in the second box. Note that it should be named **requiredDataFiles.json** and placed in **\<Tes3Mp>\\server\\data** on the server. Check the box if you want the program to automatically include the checksums for both the English and the Russian Morrowind ESMs (including both expansions, if present). Don't check this box if you're running the German or French translations of Morrowind.

Commit message:

Updated readme with info about Preview button

README.md, after:

# Tes3MpPluginHelper
Tes3MpPluginHelper is a Windows based .NET Framework graphical interface for building a requiredDataFiles.json for a Tes3Mp server based on the currently selected plugins in OpenMW. I made this because I found it too cumbersome to update the plugin list with checksums manually when I added/changed what plugins to use.

The repository contains two projects. Tes3MpPluginHelperGui is the graphical interface. Tes3MpPluginHelper is a .NET Standard library for building a requiredDataFiles.json from the selected plugins found in a OpenMW config file. It could be used to build an application that can run under Linux and OSX (both not tested).

# Download and install
Check under [Releases](https://github.com/awsker/Tes3MpPluginHelper/releases). Just unzip the files anywhere.

# Usage
Locate the OpenMW config (openmw.cfg) in the first box. Then specify where you want the resulting json to be saved in the second box. Note that it should be named **requiredDataFiles.json** and placed in **\<Tes3Mp>\\server\\data** on the server. 

Check the box if you want the program to automatically include the checksums for both the English and the Russian Morrowind ESMs (including both expansions, if present). Don't check this box if you're running the German or French translations of Morrowind.

Click the 'Preview' button to view the plugins found in the config and their respective checksum. Click the 'Generate' button to write the json to the target destination.
